this is the Iron Man rocket very first
you will have a contest with James aka
DJ okay okay okay Jay will see first
why is a little bit cuz I'm a host dude
and I'm powerless
if it does not work we will get ok so
far that was the best you know fabric is
you how do you floss whole do you five
what applause and she knows it three
people here and call me to Dublin do you
have any children do they you do I do
I'm sorry are you ready yet yo you gotta
push down on it now remember this is a
contest oh that's high but it's not huh
now James James was the best and still
the best I'm not morning people hi baby
it goes time you need
ready not nice little taller and i will
need a business card would you smile the
winner is one hi shannon hale in this is
surprising Oh freaky deaky debug debug I
have anger issues as you can see I am
NOT a happy dude good